Added a clarification around content policy (#7149)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/custom-domain.md

  - **Domain Name**: Enter the subdomain that Segment should use for event request tracking.
  - **Additional Domain Name**: If applicable, add an additional subdomain. This field is optional.
  - **Source names**: Select the sources you would like to use for Custom Domain. For a list of all sources that support Custom Domain, see [Supported sources](#supported-sources).

>   - **Is the domain name enabled for Content Policy**: Select either Yes or No. You are not required to create a Content Policy prior to requesting Custom Domain. If you have a Content Security Policy (CSP) enabled, you must add the new subdomains provided by Segment to your CSP once the Custom Domain feature is enabled. This ensures that the subdomains are not blocked by your CSP when loading Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Is the domain name enabled for Content Policy**: Select either Yes or No. You are not required to create a Content Policy prior to requesting Custom Domain. If you've enabled a Content Security Policy (CSP), you must add the new subdomains provided by Segment to your CSP once you've enabled the Custom Domain feature. This ensures that the CSP does not block the subdomains when you load Segment.
```
